This documents the physical requirements for the event.  So we can
schedule stuff.


Duration
========

The event can be tailored to last anywhere from 1 hour to several days.
For multi-day events, hosts should provide a lock on all doors to the
event area and allow contestants to store their equipment overnight.


Organizers
==========

The event can usually be run by just one organizer.


Contestants
===========

The event hardware can handle any number of contestants, from as few as
two, to as many as 1000.  ACS maintains hardware to support up to 49
contestants (at most 7 teams with at most 7 people per team).  Larger or
more teams can be accomodated, if the contestants or event hosts provide
additional equipment (see "Large Events" below).


Teams
=====

There can be 1-7 teams.  With more than one team, more categories become
available, such as the attack/defend scenario.  Teams should be between
2 and 6 people, but teams can be larger if they don't need more than 6
computers connected to the provided switch (eg. if they bring their own
switch, additional network cables, and power strip).

Each team is expected to provide any laptops, desktops, network cables,
storage devices, or additional networking equipment they want.  An
8-port switch is provided to each team as a courtesy, but need not be
used.  Contestants are encouraged to reconfigure the network topology in
their team area, adding more switches, firewalls, or whatever else they
desire.


Organizer area
==============

The organizer area must have power and one connection to the Internet.
It should be near a wall or some other surface which can serve as a
screen for a projector.  It must have a table or tables large enough to
support one laptop per organizer, a QNAP TS329 (6x4x8½ inches), and a
stereo amplifier (about 2x1 feet), unless the host has a specific desire
for no music.  Each organizer needs a chair.


Team areas
==========

Ideally there should be one round(ish) table per team, and a chair for
each team member.  Each team's area needs space for the equipment they
bring (their laptops), a power strip, one QNAP TS-239 (6×4×8½ inches),
and one 8-port switch.  Each team area must be located within 50 feet of
the organizer area, so that their team's network can reach the organizer
area's switch.


Large Events
============

An almost unlimited number of contestants can be supported by the event
software.  For events with over 7 teams, certain contest categories
cannot be run (eg. sysadmin, injection/exploits) since only 7 "services"
boxes exist.

We can provide a 48-port switch in addition to our eight 8-port
switches, and a 2'×1'×1' box full of CAT-5 cables of various lengths, so
up to 47 teams can be accommodated if the host can provide more switches,
power strips, and CAT5 cables.

For safety reasons (to minimize tripping hazards and clutter), it is
suggested that each team area have only one or two uplink connections to
the organizer area's switch.



Example: 91 contestants (7 teams, 13 contestants per team)
----------------------------------------------------------

Each team's area has 1 uplink connection connected to port 1 of the
services box.  Port 2 of the services box connects to an 8-port hub,
which also feeds a second 8-port hub, for a total of 13 connections.


Example: 168 contestants (12 teams, 14 contestants per team)
------------------------------------------------------------

Each team area has 2 uplink connections, each connected to an 8-port
switch.  There are no services boxes in this configuration.
